from NBC News this is today so your mom
doesn't have to really good we have some
but up next a Mother's Day edition of
steals and deals got Jill Martin with
exclusive discounts are the hottest
jewelry right after these messages
Jill Martin's here with some deeply
discounted items exclusively for arts
the day viewers that will make great
gifts for Mother's Day Jill good morning
good morning remind us again how this
works okay go on
- today calm right now and all of these
things will be listed we will link you
to the retailer's website it only is up
for 24 hours and a lot of things sell
out really quickly so why don't now for
Mom or for yourself which a lot of
people go on right now and deliverable
by Mother's Day we believe yes yes some
of it will come within a week or two
weeks okay
and then after that it'll take longer so
again it's just getting on today.com
right now and getting with you let's get
to our products starting off first with
these great Jersey dresses from Michelle
Jonah tell me about these these are 198
dollars hi the dressy retail machine
washable as you see available in four
colors and great to layer you can throw
a bathing suit or just a cute little
dress to have going into spring summer
I'm also great for traveling because
they are wrinkle free celeb fans include
Angelina Jolie maybe she'll wear this
white one to her wedding
JLo Britney Spears the retail 198 the
deal 49 50 that's 75% off Wow 49 50 that
is steel all right okay over here now
hair straightening the system from
keratin earth so many people are
obsessed with straightening your hair
including moms adding
me I'm very curly hair and I do this to
you I'm very curly but this is retail
99.95 again keratin art smoothing and
straightening system you hear about a
lot of people going to salons to do it
right this is at home and in a term
aldehyde free right formaldehyde free
and the big deal is and everyone was
said for a mom for Mother's Day
straightener my mother and I know so
many moms obsessed with getting straight
hair but they don't want the
formaldehyde and they don't want to go
to the salon so this is a great gift and
my mother's already asked for it when
she knew it was coming it's a four-step
process again natural it's at home great
for all hair types including if they're
color treated not that I have to worry
about that 95 the deal $30 that 70% off
you are a natural one in my world I look
at that $30 for this whole set that's
amazing
okay this is going to fly because if you
have stationary you know personalized
cards are so expensive so you have this
luxury note cards by stationary studio
so tell me what this comes with it okay
the retail 225 for a hundred cards and
100 matching envelopes and you see on
the back the return address so that's
225 retail it's printed and raised ink
on triple thick extra heavyweight stock
and white or ivory you feel it there
very substantial you choose from
different styles and a great gift it
comes in an elegant white box so if you
want to just pick it and then send it
and again it's always nice to send a
handwritten card still with email I
still think it's to send the retail 225
the deal 54 and 95 that's 76 percent off
and that's for 100 cards 100 cards and
the envelopes and the return is
excellent okay beautiful over here to
some jewelry we have necklaces for moms
they even say mom these are by Lisa
Stewart they come in a couple of
different styles and silver and gold
right the retail $85 comes in three
different styles each available in
silver and gold you see all the
different styles here the open heart the
open circle and then love mom forever
which I love slub fans of line include
Halle Berry Jessica Alba JLo the retail
$85 the deal $25 then 71
it's great okay last but not least
because these were always big
blockbusters handbags and these are by
Amer amiridis saying I'm rid of seing
the Mira handbag they've got all these
great colors retail 250 dollars how
great is this and a lot of people asked
for a new bag right going into spring
summer so here you go available in 8
colors it is faux leather now there's
five pockets inside to organize
everything you could take the strap off
you can wear it as a hobo bag you can
wear it all day
besides it wraps to you can bunch up and
all different ways what a great bag
as we call it the retail 250 the deal
$59 that's 76% off and the great colors
great colors reminder it is faux leather
faux leather but they look great they
feel like we're the real deal all right
so Martin thank you for must weekly
again the products are the Michelle
Jonas Carmen dress the keratin Earth
straightening system the luxury note
cars from stationery studio polices
Stewart Mother's Day necklaces and the
Mira handbags from Amuro Singh and as an
added bonus this week we have a secret
web only deal for viewers who are fans
of today's Facebook page so log on to
find out about our sixth deal and get
the coupon codes for all of our skills
today and Jill Martin who does a Twiggy
as always thanks coming up indoor and
outdoor fun